Albert Einstein developed the theory of relativity.
Python is a widely used programming language.
The Eiffel Tower is located in Paris, France.
Tesla was founded by Elon Musk and a team of engineers.
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
The Amazon rainforest is the largest in the world.
Google was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin.
Apple Inc. was co-founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne.
The Great Wall of China is one of the Seven Wonders of the World.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
The chemical formula for water is H2O.
Neil Armstrong was the first person to walk on the Moon.
Shakespeare wrote the play Romeo and Juliet.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain on Earth.
The periodic table was created by Dmitri Mendeleev.
Barack Obama was the 44th president of the United States.
Facebook was originally called The Facebook.
Nikola Tesla was a pioneer in electricity and magnetism.
The United Nations was founded in 1945.
The Wright brothers invented the first successful airplane.
Coca-Cola was created in 1886 by John Pemberton.
The speed of light in a vacuum is approximately 299,792 kilometers per second.
The Nobel Prize was established by Alfred Nobel.
Marie Curie was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize.
Winston Churchill was the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom during World War II.
The Sahara is the largest hot desert in the world.
Vincent van Gogh painted Starry Night.
The human brain has approximately 86 billion neurons.
Pluto was reclassified as a dwarf planet in 2006.
The Colosseum is located in Rome, Italy.
The Golden Gate Bridge is an iconic landmark in San Francisco.
The Pyramids of Giza were built by the ancient Egyptians.
Isaac Newton formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation.
Bitcoin was invented by an unknown person or group using the name Satoshi Nakamoto.
The speed of sound varies depending on the medium.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France to the United States.
Amazon was originally an online bookstore.
The Hubble Space Telescope was launched in 1990.
The Louvre Museum is the world's most-visited museum.
The Taj Mahal was built by Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan.
Einstein's equation E=mc² describes the relationship between energy and mass.
The Atlantic Ocean is the second-largest ocean on Earth.
Julius Caesar was assassinated on the Ides of March in 44 BC.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef system.
Walt Disney created Mickey Mouse.
The Internet was developed from ARPANET.
The Milky Way is the galaxy that contains our solar
